[Music]
okay okay okay let's watch
Frank Cuesta's video that you're all sending me a
lot I don't know what's
going on with Franco who's made
a video apparently okay let's watch it
and let's watch Fran Cuesta's video while
people are coming in okay
share the live give it a like
on all these little things let's see what's
happening with my friend Frank Cuesta see something
else crazy came to me what's
happening guys well in today's video you
're not going to see animals so
running you're going to see a
beautiful ecosystem behind me no today is a day
that I want to talk to you for several
reasons first because today is
January 25th and January 24th 2021 I said
this well
as I say guys I
came up with this idea to
sell everything absolutely everything
and the sanctuary tell the largest sanctuary
in Thailand what is that well a
place where animals can live a
place like this like a refuge
but about 25 or 30 times bigger okay
and what's happening we're at  25
a year and a day has passed and the sanctuary is
a reality the sanctuary is home to
many animals it is a jungle
in which more than 25 live and how
can it be an encore or others we can
explain it to you
from the mobile and an application the
application from your mobile vissum there are
three the number 6 8 5 7 6 5 707 I don't know if I would be
sending vision because today I don't
[Music]
what we do Ivan is working
now
winds animals of 36
different species ole it is something spectacular something
incredible and something that has been achieved
thanks to you or expropriated or law to the fact that you
are there every day or how
important it is that you feel in some
way part of that sanctuary okay and
like every January 25th I say at
24 well crazy things occur to me well
week several crazy things happened okay I'm
going to tell you the first one well you know
we did a raffle for youtubers
use for youtubers for youtubers
not for youtube members a
raffle for two trips with all
expenses  paid and well there's a boy who's
already here
and he'll come the other person will come who's
a girl will surely come for the
summer okay we'll
also draw for tweets at the end
of the year and for youtube again for the
members for the subscribers but it
occurred to me to do a contest during
this year for the contest but first I'm
going to announce it next week
with a video a contest in which
all the members of youtube and
all the tweet writers participate
javi for the clearest screen
hahahahahahaha
the teacher is a 10 the best lady
the lady that this internet is my
fault it's going to be a lot of fun because you're going to
work a little bit in your environment
but well it's going to be a lot of fun okay and there will
be prizes well there won't be trips in
that but there will be t-shirts caps for the
cats
nonsense
has said this today's video is for the
biggest madness that has ever occurred
okay and what is the biggest madness well
look before Christmas I
had thought about contacting several
youtubers several streamers anime from the
trash and adding it in fact I did but there are people
people who were
worried with a lot of things and
Now I said yes to what he asked for and he did
n't have time in the email I guess not
obviously the closest people I was going to
Jan Oliveira
Jordi and Uruguay well with whom he has
a much more direct contact
obviously yes yes yes I managed to
contact them but but it is very difficult to
contact all the youtubers are
the streams
because he had a very busy life
obviously and today they are more into other
things that are looking at messages from
people with which I have decided well then
tell it here
the project that I want to do and it is a
project of which there is how do I become a
member you are already a member Maria for
Cristina you are already a member
you get the spicy one next to it but
we still need 240 members
to reach the 1000 that we can
reach Texas
we are falling into the members it is
because you have the low quality of the
live video due to the wifi connection I
want to feed on sos youtube see if
those streamers uh u2 see if streamers well
obviously the ones that I see
okay it fell I had is much
bigger much smaller better
worse but I limited myself a list of
youtube without  screen is that I consume
let's say that I have learned things
to
say improve my live shows or
improve the videos on youtube and now
what I want to do
is for them to also be part of the
sanctuary to be part of a
lawyer in this community in which we
always talk about Thailand
and we talk about animals we talk about
nature we instill values ​​​​let's
see if I left my street or if we have lost
out over the years
due to lack of education or lack of
interest
but values ​​​​that are there and it's
good to always remember them okay so I
give myself to Thailand that's what I want to
do bring more the youtubers here we are not
going to work they don't take out the truth of
course once I didn't want to
work I didn't want to work I'm
going to work with him if they don't work and
for me it's the money no what I
want is for them to be a little part or
ham that they give me an hour a month okay
to try to expand this whole message
and above all what we do in the
sanctuary
obviously the place is very big
we are constantly receiving animals
today I came to the shelter
because we continue we continue to
collect animals that are going to be
released
into their natural state in the jungle there
is a  moved yesterday but there is still a little
that is sick and I take advantage and I have been
looking and such then all this
obviously costs a lot of money there
are many expenses those who follow me
know how I live where I live and what I do and you
know that from this my family already
has the money they have to have to
survive and everything that I am
earning on social networks on social networks
on platforms like
youtube or tweets goes directly to the
sanctuary and it does not cover we are taking
money from what I was
but what I want is for these youtube
yes these strippers to somehow get
involved in this project and the
project is not only about acting the
project is well trying to reach more
people with a message
name of environmentalist but a message
of life a message in which you say
life is wonderful [ __ ]
a message in which you say if there is no
demand there is no business all this is
important that it expands also among
younger people and obviously all
these
strangers youtubers have a
huge potential with young people and I have
a huge potential with young people
with young people the most to see the
average
but of course define young define
young not also so powerful does not define
young lose where nobody reaches they
listen to them like they don't listen to anyone they
see them like they don't see anyone and they admire them
like they admire anyone and from it was
given I can I can be a little bit
that the average that the average grows with
which I want to take advantage of them
also a little bit okay because many of
them see you say host frank from the
jungle král I had when I was little that
[ __ ] great I am now a streamer
garbage cementery dental well that is
what I want to achieve with the
younger people now okay I want to
get there
and obviously in the kilo nutri of them
because it comes to me and goes once a month
for an hour to speak in a live
then more subscribers will come more
people will come to see the videos and obviously it will be
good for the sanctuary with all of us I
mean I'm not going to [ __ ] paquito
the chocolatier okay he's premiering
with his cousin and his sister ok I'm going
to [ __ ] melinda rabbit who is
sucking the microphone no no I'm going to try to
contact those youtubers and
strippers
because I consume that I see  why why do
they have that something shut your mouth you
crash that you get involved that I put you in they have that they have that thing
that attracts people
and that can reach 50 to each other
so what is it that I want to do and that's
where it goes
ok what I want to do is that once a
month
they get interested in an animal that they are going to
sponsor we are going to say that
suddenly Christine and he doesn't even
say I want to be there okay and we have
this owl that is sick
now that it has arrived that it is a chick well
she we are going to say that she sponsors
this chick as the godmother nothing I am
just going to tell you I want to be
there I want to be part of that then
automatically that chick is going to have
the name Cristina and that is going to be her name
and that chick is going to eat it it is going to
recover it is going to change its feathers it is going to
start to fly it is going to start to hunt and it is going to be
released that whole process that
takes about 8 9 10 months okay
Christina and she was not going to live it with
us an hour a month an hour that
we connect and we talk about how
the owl is doing how it is  this how it goes the other thing that
is what has been done
let's be videos of a pumping according to at the
same time we talk about environmental projects such and such that is
all that
youtubers or strippers have to do
adopt or sponsor an animal that is going to
receive their name and that in one case will
be released in the jungle and in other cases they will be
released in the sanctuary
that sponsors a lot on youtube so I would not
mind sponsoring a guinea pig for
example I have it sponsor a ball of u2 you will
see the same thing let's say that
a deer was going to arrive
ibai is the godfather of social
automatically that deer goes to sea and
goes forever under the deer it is the
same thing was there the deer stiba and the
deer touch 1st the deer or there is that the
deer was going I met them sant jordi the
kangaroo jordi half that now be a
dog of paulo materials to a dog
adri is jordi wild what has jordi
gual done to be a godfather well he has done
two pieces of interviews for me in the white
project that obviously to the sanctuary  the
help because more people come more people find
out about what I'm doing right now
and it's good for the animals for
nature in general this is only about
the animals no, well as I say it's going to
be talks of an hour to an hour and a
half whatever they want in which we
talk about the animals of
nature of the projects that we are going to
do and why obviously
because as I say these people these
streams are a lot of numbers of
young kids and above all because it's easier to
cry obviously I'm going to nourish it with
it will have more subscribers more people will come
to see the videos and that's good
for the sanctuary but the important thing
is that in the general picture of everything is that
these platforms tweets youtube is
very good a link if I could see it gives me
a lot of type of channels ok
but in reality nature is not talked about
as much about life values ​​​​is not talked about
as much
ok I am soaked in all this because
they are exterminating I am there at
the top but I am doing my
job and I am doing my work of
another and research I see many
tweets youtube I am seeing how they
move I am learning obviously
ok but already  I say I'm going to put
a list, it doesn't mean that everyone is
going to be there, the list is quite
large because it's the people that I consume,
that I see, okay, and that I think they can
be
clear, Frank, these are very good tweets, out of 8
and banned from Arabic tweets, the part of
that sanctuary that they can contribute a lot,
okay, so the only thing I ask of you
is that it's not for emails with all
this, the CNE plans a little parenthesis,
pan the favorite or the streamer or
whatever, well, a comment today, seen
Frank's video, he has a project for
streaming, yes, youtubers, maybe he's
interested in the name, style, I know
whatever it is, but it's not to piss and
crush it, if not, no, because it's not an
obligation to the EIA of tweets, I think it's
the fix, they fixed it to see a
large list and I only want 12, the
first 12 that he tells me today I want to be,
we get on with it, okay, that's what
I want, something
that people want to do, not that they
feel obligated that if they do
n't exhaust it, if they don't do it,
nothing happens and there will be more opportunities,
surely there will be more than  12 who wants to
do it well going on the 13th 14th 15th when there are
more animals but obviously I
'm calculating how we can do it in
a good way based on time, mine
too because he's not here all
day with the cameras you know but
as I'm telling you it's a project that I think
can help the community a lot
Raquel thank you very much go
appear on that street the live one
moment okay it's going to reconnect no you can
see it being it update on average it's
to piss about the chat update the
page update the page hit
update the page
hit Chavez on the page
they are problems that happen it's not a problem
update the page
like the platforms like obviously the
animal sanctuary then we
have to give this I throw it in the air and the
list of people that I would like to
be 12 of them is this list let's
see
Christina and with Sabela Javi Oliveira ar
and gameplay the uncle sur and I admitted sur
coosur [ __ ]
de grez
chocas ibai and gave juan aurum play
reviews bichi emit a
hoop and roma-  gallardo let's see the mariana to the
fbi jordi wild one guarnizo star yuki I
think everyone is going to participate
obviously not those who want to
participate just say the next
video premiere fran I do want to and
from there surely a fan will send me
the cli to twitter okay once we are
both there I would start working on it let's see let's
see that specific one
that I of course obviously clear brief like let's
see the problem problem
problem if I think it is I think
everyone is going to spend
above all it is going to be obviously the
only problem that there is right now that I
am banned and then when I am banned
which is why they had to
remove me from the squid tournament when I
was banned I
cannot appear in another in other
channels either you do not
understand but man the tweets thing is
going to be fixed
what is going to be fixed I do
not know how long it will take but man they have
shot other users they have handled and
vice in various ways
both clashes also indefinitely no
then I hope it is at least in the
shortest time possible let's see I was
trying to get in touch with people you
know with everything possible that I  I have on
hand as always, not at the moment it's not like you have
much of an answer at the moment it's not like I
have much of an answer but man
I imagine that tweet thing will be
fixed I haven't killed someone they
shot at
random Zealand too and he said tremendous very
boring okay I imagine that the
ban will last between 15 and 30 days I
think he will do the most serious thing to the most serious thing
that it lasts 30 days already Perez that it doesn't matter
that the YouTube channel this is
for tweets I imagine I imagine but
what follows is that of course
I go I go or rather it's an hour it's an
hour of meconium we are there for many hours it's
an hour a month that we are there period you
know in fact let's go he knows that he can
count on me for these things for
whatever is needed except for the country half of
Thailand of course but yes Frank
counts on it of course if you want
20 an afternoon here with me and we can
chat for a while about
your experience with Mediaset also
that he has a lot to tell us about your
well about your experience with your
experience on YouTube and if you want he
comes and announces sixth  We'll
talk for a while, he's coming, he's going to announce this so that
the independent people of the
project, I think that I think everyone is
going to accept, let's go from Rome, Gallardón, I
don't doubt it, okay, man, people like people like
now, people like me, people like
ibai, I'm not saying it by number because
I'm, like, at the same number level as
these people, but yes, you'll see that we're
very, very busy, very, very
busy and you all know it, so
today it's that if there's a month that I'm over, I ca
n't, and I say that this one I have
800 collaborations and it's that I don't have
time to get an hour out of you, next month
we'll be a little longer, I mean, these are
things that are being talked about, it's okay,
okay,
Ramón, first instance, yes, of course, this
problem, let's go there, we're talking about
real crawling,
sometimes being banned and being banned is that
after being banned is that you have some
super strange rules that when you're
banned you can't appear on any other
channel because they also control the other
person,
but well, I imagine, but if they continue
without problems, we'll go on without problems and
without problems, surely everyone who
appears on the list, very surely, very
surely  I'm
sure that Titin III knows that
Uncle South is going to tell you that if he
's also permanent, he steals Gallardón and I doubt it and the
others are the same, the others are just as
serious, you crash and vice I'm telling you there are
some of us who work 24 hours a day, do you
understand me then I take time off from
maybe being
with my children and being able to do
things with my children and support the country
and no, I'm not without a problem and yes it's true
that we're going to talk, a very media-savvy person, I'm
going [ __ ], I can't, this one got involved
next month I'll dedicate some time to you but
let's go on, meaning no problem at all,
who's going to say no to that
opportunity, it doesn't cost anything
and whenever you want, that you can come
whenever you want to promote the
project, we'll chat for a while, whatever,
family, let's start with the gossip
[Music]